README.md, before:

![Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/main/assets/header.png)

## 📚 About

The TorBox Media Center allows you to easily mount your TorBox media in a no-frills way. This mounts your playable media files to your filesystem for use with [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org/), [Emby](https://emby.media/), [Plex](https://www.plex.tv), [Infuse](https://firecore.com/infuse), [VLC](https://www.videolan.org/vlc/), or any other media player. With TorBox's custom built solution you can mount files as virtual files (which take up zero storage space), or as '.strm' files (which take up less than 1GB for libraries of any size).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> *TorBox does not allow piracy or condone it in any way. This is meant to be used with media you own and have the rights to.*

### ✨ Features

- Organizing your media automatically, using the [TorBox Metadata Search API](https://www.postman.com/wamy-dev/torbox/request/ubj7d6v/get-metadata-by-query)
- Mounting your media simply and safely
- Making sure your media is easily discoverable by media players
- Fast and effecient.
- Proxy for files *(if your connection is slow)*
- Compatible with all systems and OS *(when using the `strm` mount method)*
- No limit on library size
- Automatically updating library and mounts

### 🤖 Comparison to Zurg

- Usability with TorBox
- Latest features for free
- Faster setup *(no config necessary)*
- No reliance on RClone
- Optimized for TorBox
- More video server/player support
- Works with torrents, usenet and web downloads.

### ✖️ What this application does not do

- Folder customization *(limited to 'movies' and 'series')*
- Provides WebDAV server *(use TorBox's WebDAV)*
- Works with all types of files *(limited to video files)*
- Gets you banned from TorBox *(developed by TorBox team)*
- 'Repairing' or 'renewing' your library *(this is against TorBox ToS)*
- Adding new downloads
- Customizing downloads *(update/rename)*
- Manage downloads *(delete)*

## 🔄 Compatibility

### 💻 Compatbility with OS

Compatibility is limited to Linux/Unix/BSD based systems when using the `fuse` option due to requiring [FUSE](https://www.kernel.org/doc./html/next/filesystems/fuse.html). [MacOS is also supported](https://macfuse.github.io/).

The `strm` option is compatible with all systems.

If the `fuse` option is selected and your system is incompatible, the application will give an error and will not run.

> [!NOTE]
> If you are unsure, choose the `strm` option.

### 📺 Compatbility with players / media servers

The `strm` option is geared towards media servers which support '.strm' files such as Jellyfin and Emby. If using either of these options, we recommend using the `strm` mounting method.

The `fuse` option is meant to be a fallback for everything else, Plex, VLC, Infuse, etc. This is due to the fuse method mounting the virtual files right to your filesystem as if they were local. This means that any video player will be able to stream from them and the TorBox Media Center will handle the rest.

> [!TIP]
> Emby / Jellyfin => `strm`
>
> Plex / VLC / Anything else => `fuse`

## 🔌 Choosing a mounting method

[Above](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#compatibility) we explained compatibility, which should be the main driving factor for making a decision, but there are few other things we should mention.

1. The virtual filesystem created by the `fuse` mounting method can be slower (playing files, reading files, listing files and directories) and take up more resources as it emulates an entire filesystem. It also may not play well with your [Docker installation](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#running-on-docker-recommended) (if going that route).
2. The `strm` mounting method takes up more storage space, and disk reads and writes as they are physical text files. Over longer periods of time it can wear down your disk (not by much, but it is something we should mention). If you have a slow filesystem (hard drive vs SSD), this can be slower if you have a lot of files.

## ❓ Why not use RClone?

We wanted to reduce the number of moving parts required to use this application. [RClone](https://rclone.org/) would only be used for FUSE mounting, but ~~every single~~ most Linux systems ship with some type of FUSE already, so RClone would be redundant. RClone also introduces more challenges, such as configuration, making sure versions are up to date, and you would still need FUSE anyways. This application doesn't provide a WebDAV API, so realistically, RClone isn't necessary here.

## ✅ Requirements

1. A TorBox account. Must be on a paid plan. Sign up [here](https://torbox.app/subscription).
2. A server or computer running Linux/Unix/BSD/[MacOS](https://macfuse.github.io/). Must be able to run Python or has administrator access *(only necessary for Docker installation)*
3. A player in mind you want to use *(for choosing a mounting method)*

## 🔧 Environment Variables

To run this project you will need to add the following environment variables to your `.env` file or to your Docker run command.

`TORBOX_API_KEY` Your TorBox API key used to authenticate with TorBox. You can find this [here](https://torbox.app/settings). This is required.

`MOUNT_METHOD` The mounting method you want to use. Must be either `strm` or `fuse`. Read here for choosing a method. The default is `strm` and is optional.

`MOUNT_PATH` The mounting path where all of your files will be accessible. If inside of Docker, this path needs to be accessible to other applications. If running locally without Docker, this path must be owned.

`MOUNT_REFRESH_TIME` How fast you would like your mount to look for new files. Must be either `slowest` for every 24 hours, `very_slow` for every 12 hours, `slow` for every 6 hours, `normal` for every 3 hours, `fast` for every 2 hours or `ultra_fast` for every 1 hour. The default is `normal` and is optional.

`ENABLE_METADATA` This option allows you to enable scanning the metadata of your files. If this is enabled, TorBox will __attempt__ to find the correct metadata for your files in your TorBox account. This isn't perfect, so use with caution. If this option is `false` it skips scanning and places all of your video files in the `movies` folder. If it is enabled, TorBox will scan, and attempt to place your files into either the `movies` or `series` folders. Please also keep in mind that you will be subject to rate limiting of our search endpoint when using the metadata option. Seeing 429 errors will be common. Most of the time it is best to keep this option disabled unless you video player absolutely requires it. Also keep in mind, this unlocks the `instant` option, which can allow you to refresh every 6 minutes.

## 🐳 Running on Docker with one command (recommended)

We provide bash scripts for running the TorBox Media Center easily by simply copying the script to your server or computer, and running it, following the prompts. This can be helpful if you aren't familiar with Docker, permissions or servers in general. Simply choose one in [this folder](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/blob/main/scripts) that pertains to your system and run it in the terminal.

## 🐳 Running on Docker manually

1. Make sure you have Docker installed on your server/computer. You can find instructions on how to install Docker [here](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-docker-on-ubuntu-22-04) *(you can change your distribution in the guide)*.
2. Edit the below Docker command with your proper environment variables and options. More Docker run commands can be found [here](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/blob/main/docker.md).

```bash
docker run -it -d \
    --name=torbox-media-center \
    --restart=always \
    --init \
    -v /home/$(whoami)/torbox:/torbox \
    -e TORBOX_API_KEY=<EDIT_THIS_KEY> \
    -e MOUNT_METHOD=strm \
    -e MOUNT_PATH=/torbox \
    anonymoussystems/torbox-media-center:latest
```

or if you prefer Docker compose, this is the yaml, also found [here](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/blob/main/docker-compose.yaml).

```yaml
name: torbox-media-center
services:
    torbox-media-center:
        container_name: torbox-media-center
        stdin_open: true
        tty: true
        restart: always
        volumes:
            - /home/$(whoami)/torbox:/torbox
        environment:
            - TORBOX_API_KEY=<EDIT_THIS_KEY>
            - MOUNT_METHOD=strm
            - MOUNT_PATH=/torbox
        image: anonymoussystems/torbox-media-center:latest
```

*You may also use the Github repository container found here: ghcr.io/torbox-app/torbox-media-center:main*

3. Wait for the files to be mounted to your local system.

## 🏠 Running Locally (no Docker)

1. Make sure you have Python installed. Anything from v3.6 should be okay.
2. Download or git clone this repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center.git
```

or download the repository zip file [here](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) and extract the files.

3. Create a `.env` file or rename `.env.example` to `.env`.
4. Edit or add in your environment variables to the `.env` file.
5. Install the requirements.

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

6. Run the `main.py` script.

```bash
python3 main.py
```

7. Wait for the files to be mounted to your local machine.

## 🩺 Troubleshooting ##

### Nothing is showing up in the mounted space! ###

This can usually happen due to one of the following:

1. There was an error during the processing/scraping phase where the media center attempts to get your files. Check your logs for any errors.
2. Your folder permissions are incorrect. Make sure that Docker (or the user running Docker or the Python script) has acess to the the folder you have set.
   1. You can remedy this by using the command: `chown` on the folder to change the permissions.
   2. If using Docker, you can set the environmental variables, `PUID` and `PGID` to the user and group that owns the folder.
3. The folder does not exist. If you aren't using Docker or the easy setup scripts, then it is likely that the folder won't exist where the files need to be beforehand. Make this folder.

### My Plex/Jellyfin/Emby cannot see the files in my mounted space! ###

Make sure that your Plex/Jellyfin/Emby has access to the mounted folder outside of Docker. When you run Plex, Jellyfin, or Emby inside a Docker container, it's like the app is running in its own little isolated world, which creates a path mapping issue where your media files might appear at `/torbox/movies` inside Docker while those same files are actually located at `/home/user/torbox/movies` on your actual computer. Your media server needs to access files that exist on your real computer (outside Docker), but it's running inside Docker where the file paths look different, and if the permissions aren't set up correctly, the media server won't be able to read your movie and TV show files. 

For example, if you have TorBox Media Center files stored at `/home/wamy/torbox/movies` on your computer and you map it to `/torbox/movies` inside your Docker container, Plex/Jellyfin/Emby needs to access the files at `/home/wamy/torbox/movies` __not__ `/torbox/movies`. Heres what the configuration would look like for both applications:

#### TorBox Media Center ####

This ensures that the files will be available on the host system at `/home/wamy/torbox`.

```
-v /home/wamy/torbox:/torbox
-e MOUNT_PATH=/torbox
```

#### Plex/Jellyfin/Emby ####

This ensures that Plex/Jellyfin/Emby can see the TorBox Media Center files on the host system.

```
-v /home/wamy/torbox:/torbox-media-center
```

Then inside your Plex/Jellyfin/Emby container, set the library location to /torbox-media-center/movies for movies, and /torbox-media-center/series for TV shows.


### I cannot modify the files inside of the Fuse path! ###

The Fuse mount is not meant to be editable, it is read-only. You cannot rename files, delete files, or move them around. This is by design as this software handles that. To delete a file, simply delete it from your TorBox account.

## 🆘 Support

For support, email [contact@torbox.app](mailto:contact@torbox.app) or join our Discord server [here](https://join-discord.torbox.app). *We will not give sources or help with piracy in any way. This is for technical support only.*

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

Please make sure to follow [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org/) when creating commit messages. We will authorize most pull requests, so don't hesitate to help out!

Commit message:

chore: updates docker compose and readme with raw mode information and variables

README.md, after:

![Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/main/assets/header.png)

## 📚 About

The TorBox Media Center allows you to easily mount your TorBox media in a no-frills way. This mounts your playable media files to your filesystem for use with [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org/), [Emby](https://emby.media/), [Plex](https://www.plex.tv), [Infuse](https://firecore.com/infuse), [VLC](https://www.videolan.org/vlc/), or any other media player. With TorBox's custom built solution you can mount files as virtual files (which take up zero storage space), or as '.strm' files (which take up less than 1GB for libraries of any size).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> *TorBox does not allow piracy or condone it in any way. This is meant to be used with media you own and have the rights to.*

### ✨ Features

- Organizing your media automatically, using the [TorBox Metadata Search API](https://www.postman.com/wamy-dev/torbox/request/ubj7d6v/get-metadata-by-query)
- Mounting your media simply and safely
- Making sure your media is easily discoverable by media players
- Fast and effecient.
- Proxy for files *(if your connection is slow)*
- Compatible with all systems and OS *(when using the `strm` mount method)*
- No limit on library size
- Automatically updating library and mounts

### 🤖 Comparison to Zurg

- Usability with TorBox
- Latest features for free
- Faster setup *(no config necessary)*
- No reliance on RClone
- Optimized for TorBox
- More video server/player support
- Works with torrents, usenet and web downloads.

### ✖️ What this application does not do

- Folder customization *(limited to 'movies' and 'series')*
- Provides WebDAV server *(use TorBox's WebDAV)*
- Works with all types of files *(limited to video files)*
- Gets you banned from TorBox *(developed by TorBox team)*
- 'Repairing' or 'renewing' your library *(this is against TorBox ToS)*
- Adding new downloads
- Customizing downloads *(update/rename)*
- Manage downloads *(delete)*

## 🔄 Compatibility

### 💻 Compatbility with OS

Compatibility is limited to Linux/Unix/BSD based systems when using the `fuse` option due to requiring [FUSE](https://www.kernel.org/doc./html/next/filesystems/fuse.html). [MacOS is also supported](https://macfuse.github.io/).

The `strm` option is compatible with all systems.

If the `fuse` option is selected and your system is incompatible, the application will give an error and will not run.

> [!NOTE]
> If you are unsure, choose the `strm` option.

### 📺 Compatbility with players / media servers

The `strm` option is geared towards media servers which support '.strm' files such as Jellyfin and Emby. If using either of these options, we recommend using the `strm` mounting method.

The `fuse` option is meant to be a fallback for everything else, Plex, VLC, Infuse, etc. This is due to the fuse method mounting the virtual files right to your filesystem as if they were local. This means that any video player will be able to stream from them and the TorBox Media Center will handle the rest.

> [!TIP]
> Emby / Jellyfin => `strm`
>
> Plex / VLC / Anything else => `fuse`

## 🔌 Choosing a mounting method

[Above](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#compatibility) we explained compatibility, which should be the main driving factor for making a decision, but there are few other things we should mention.

1. The virtual filesystem created by the `fuse` mounting method can be slower (playing files, reading files, listing files and directories) and take up more resources as it emulates an entire filesystem. It also may not play well with your [Docker installation](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#running-on-docker-recommended) (if going that route).
2. The `strm` mounting method takes up more storage space, and disk reads and writes as they are physical text files. Over longer periods of time it can wear down your disk (not by much, but it is something we should mention). If you have a slow filesystem (hard drive vs SSD), this can be slower if you have a lot of files.

## ❓ Why not use RClone?

We wanted to reduce the number of moving parts required to use this application. [RClone](https://rclone.org/) would only be used for FUSE mounting, but ~~every single~~ most Linux systems ship with some type of FUSE already, so RClone would be redundant. RClone also introduces more challenges, such as configuration, making sure versions are up to date, and you would still need FUSE anyways. This application doesn't provide a WebDAV API, so realistically, RClone isn't necessary here.

## ✅ Requirements

1. A TorBox account. Must be on a paid plan. Sign up [here](https://torbox.app/subscription).
2. A server or computer running Linux/Unix/BSD/[MacOS](https://macfuse.github.io/). Must be able to run Python or has administrator access *(only necessary for Docker installation)*
3. A player in mind you want to use *(for choosing a mounting method)*

## 🔧 Environment Variables

To run this project you will need to add the following environment variables to your `.env` file or to your Docker run command.

`TORBOX_API_KEY` Your TorBox API key used to authenticate with TorBox. You can find this [here](https://torbox.app/settings). This is required.

`MOUNT_METHOD` The mounting method you want to use. Must be either `strm` or `fuse`. Read here for choosing a method. The default is `strm` and is optional.

`MOUNT_PATH` The mounting path where all of your files will be accessible. If inside of Docker, this path needs to be accessible to other applications. If running locally without Docker, this path must be owned.

`MOUNT_REFRESH_TIME` How fast you would like your mount to look for new files. Must be either `slowest` for every 24 hours, `very_slow` for every 12 hours, `slow` for every 6 hours, `normal` for every 3 hours, `fast` for every 2 hours or `ultra_fast` for every 1 hour. The default is `normal` and is optional.

`ENABLE_METADATA` This option allows you to enable scanning the metadata of your files. If this is enabled, TorBox will __attempt__ to find the correct metadata for your files in your TorBox account. This isn't perfect, so use with caution. If this option is `false` it skips scanning and places all of your video files in the `movies` folder. If it is enabled, TorBox will scan, and attempt to place your files into either the `movies` or `series` folders. Please also keep in mind that you will be subject to rate limiting of our search endpoint when using the metadata option. Seeing 429 errors will be common. Most of the time it is best to keep this option disabled unless you video player absolutely requires it. Also keep in mind, this unlocks the `instant` option, which can allow you to refresh every 6 minutes.

`RAW_MODE` This option determines whether you want the raw file structure (similar to what you would see with webdav). Setting this to `true` will present the files in the original structure. If this is enabled, the `ENABLE_METADATA` option is disabled.

## 🐳 Running on Docker with one command (recommended)

We provide bash scripts for running the TorBox Media Center easily by simply copying the script to your server or computer, and running it, following the prompts. This can be helpful if you aren't familiar with Docker, permissions or servers in general. Simply choose one in [this folder](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/blob/main/scripts) that pertains to your system and run it in the terminal.

## 🐳 Running on Docker manually

1. Make sure you have Docker installed on your server/computer. You can find instructions on how to install Docker [here](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-docker-on-ubuntu-22-04) *(you can change your distribution in the guide)*.
2. Edit the below Docker command with your proper environment variables and options. More Docker run commands can be found [here](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/blob/main/docker.md).

```bash
docker run -it -d \
    --name=torbox-media-center \
    --restart=always \
    --init \
    -v /home/$(whoami)/torbox:/torbox \
    -e TORBOX_API_KEY=<EDIT_THIS_KEY> \
    -e MOUNT_METHOD=strm \
    -e MOUNT_PATH=/torbox \
    anonymoussystems/torbox-media-center:latest
```

or if you prefer Docker compose, this is the yaml, also found [here](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/blob/main/docker-compose.yaml).

```yaml
name: torbox-media-center
services:
    torbox-media-center:
        container_name: torbox-media-center
        stdin_open: true
        tty: true
        restart: always
        volumes:
            - /home/$(whoami)/torbox:/torbox
        environment:
            - TORBOX_API_KEY=<EDIT_THIS_KEY>
            - MOUNT_METHOD=strm
            - MOUNT_PATH=/torbox
        image: anonymoussystems/torbox-media-center:latest
```

*You may also use the Github repository container found here: ghcr.io/torbox-app/torbox-media-center:main*

3. Wait for the files to be mounted to your local system.

## 🏠 Running Locally (no Docker)

1. Make sure you have Python installed. Anything from v3.6 should be okay.
2. Download or git clone this repository.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center.git
```

or download the repository zip file [here](https://github.com/TorBox-App/torbox-media-center/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) and extract the files.

3. Create a `.env` file or rename `.env.example` to `.env`.
4. Edit or add in your environment variables to the `.env` file.
5. Install the requirements.

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

6. Run the `main.py` script.

```bash
python3 main.py
```

7. Wait for the files to be mounted to your local machine.

## 🩺 Troubleshooting ##

### Nothing is showing up in the mounted space! ###

This can usually happen due to one of the following:

1. There was an error during the processing/scraping phase where the media center attempts to get your files. Check your logs for any errors.
2. Your folder permissions are incorrect. Make sure that Docker (or the user running Docker or the Python script) has acess to the the folder you have set.
   1. You can remedy this by using the command: `chown` on the folder to change the permissions.
   2. If using Docker, you can set the environmental variables, `PUID` and `PGID` to the user and group that owns the folder.
3. The folder does not exist. If you aren't using Docker or the easy setup scripts, then it is likely that the folder won't exist where the files need to be beforehand. Make this folder.

### My Plex/Jellyfin/Emby cannot see the files in my mounted space! ###

Make sure that your Plex/Jellyfin/Emby has access to the mounted folder outside of Docker. When you run Plex, Jellyfin, or Emby inside a Docker container, it's like the app is running in its own little isolated world, which creates a path mapping issue where your media files might appear at `/torbox/movies` inside Docker while those same files are actually located at `/home/user/torbox/movies` on your actual computer. Your media server needs to access files that exist on your real computer (outside Docker), but it's running inside Docker where the file paths look different, and if the permissions aren't set up correctly, the media server won't be able to read your movie and TV show files. 

For example, if you have TorBox Media Center files stored at `/home/wamy/torbox/movies` on your computer and you map it to `/torbox/movies` inside your Docker container, Plex/Jellyfin/Emby needs to access the files at `/home/wamy/torbox/movies` __not__ `/torbox/movies`. Heres what the configuration would look like for both applications:

#### TorBox Media Center ####

This ensures that the files will be available on the host system at `/home/wamy/torbox`.

```
-v /home/wamy/torbox:/torbox
-e MOUNT_PATH=/torbox
```

#### Plex/Jellyfin/Emby ####

This ensures that Plex/Jellyfin/Emby can see the TorBox Media Center files on the host system.

```
-v /home/wamy/torbox:/torbox-media-center
```

Then inside your Plex/Jellyfin/Emby container, set the library location to /torbox-media-center/movies for movies, and /torbox-media-center/series for TV shows.


### I cannot modify the files inside of the Fuse path! ###

The Fuse mount is not meant to be editable, it is read-only. You cannot rename files, delete files, or move them around. This is by design as this software handles that. To delete a file, simply delete it from your TorBox account.

## 🆘 Support

For support, email [contact@torbox.app](mailto:contact@torbox.app) or join our Discord server [here](https://join-discord.torbox.app). *We will not give sources or help with piracy in any way. This is for technical support only.*

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

Please make sure to follow [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org/) when creating commit messages. We will authorize most pull requests, so don't hesitate to help out!
